content/authors/David/_index.md, before:

---
# Display name
title: David Steiner

# Full name (for SEO)
first_name: David 
last_name: Steiner

# Username (this should match the folder name)
authors:
  - David

# Is this the primary user of the site?
superuser: false

# Role/position
role: MSc Student

# Organizations/Affiliations
organizations:
  - name: University of Vienna
    url: 'https://comp-phys.univie.ac.at/people/master-students/#c941698'

# Short bio (displayed in user profile at end of posts)
bio: I am doing my MSc courses in Physics at the University of Vienna and currently working on Myxococcus Xanthus cultures as an internship alongside my classes. With that, I focus on motility and interesting properties of the bacteria like predation and fruiting body formation. Currently, we are working on developing ways to best image the samples to then analyse them and quantify the results.

interests:
  - Mycococcus Xanthus
  - Imaging techniques and Microscopy

education:
  courses:
    - course: BSc in Physics 
      institution: University of Vienna (Austria)
      year: 2023

# Social/Academic Networking
# For available icons, see: https://docs.hugoblox.com/getting-started/page-builder/#icons
#   For an email link, use "fas" icon pack, "envelope" icon, and a link in the
#   form "mailto:your-email@example.com" or "#contact" for contact widget.
social:
  #- icon: envelope
  #  icon_pack: fas
  #  link: 'mailto:jasmin.di.franco@univie.ac.at'
  #- icon: twitter
    #icon_pack: fab
    #link: https://twitter.com/NKalafatakis
  #- icon: google-scholar
    #icon_pack: ai
    #link: https://scholar.google.com/citations?user=XeR8fO4AAAAJ&hl=en&oi=ao
  #- icon: github
    #icon_pack: fab
    #link: https://github.com/enrico-lattuada
# Link to a PDF of your resume/CV from the About widget.
# To enable, copy your resume/CV to `static/files/cv.pdf` and uncomment the lines below.
# - icon: cv
#   icon_pack: ai
#   link: files/cv.pdf

# Enter email to display Gravatar (if Gravatar enabled in Config)
email: ''

# Organizational groups that you belong to (for People widget)
#   Set this to `[]` or comment out if you are not using People widget.
user_groups:
  - Visitors
---

I'm a Physics Master Student at the University of Vienna and I'm writing my Master's thesis with a focus on the interplay of structure and dynamics in cellular monolayers. In my thesis I explore various perspectives from real space analysis (tracking, PIV, Cytometry (segmentation  of fluorescent nuclei, Voronoi tessellation)) and Fourier space analysis (DDM, static structure factor) to characterise these interplays.

Commit message:

Updated: Author profile with Roberto's name modified, projects in collaborator page

content/authors/David/_index.md, after:

---
# Display name
title: David Steiner

# Full name (for SEO)
first_name: David 
last_name: Steiner

# Username (this should match the folder name)
authors:
  - David

# Is this the primary user of the site?
superuser: false

# Role/position
role: MSc Student

# Organizations/Affiliations
organizations:
  - name: University of Vienna
    url: 'https://comp-phys.univie.ac.at/people/master-students/#c941698'

# Short bio (displayed in user profile at end of posts)
bio: 

interests:
  - Mycococcus Xanthus
  - Imaging techniques and Microscopy

education:
  courses:
    - course: BSc in Physics 
      institution: University of Vienna (Austria)
      year: 2023

# Social/Academic Networking
# For available icons, see: https://docs.hugoblox.com/getting-started/page-builder/#icons
#   For an email link, use "fas" icon pack, "envelope" icon, and a link in the
#   form "mailto:your-email@example.com" or "#contact" for contact widget.
social:
  - icon: envelope
    icon_pack: fas
    link: 'mailto:david.steiner@univie.ac.at'
  #- icon: twitter
    #icon_pack: fab
    #link: https://twitter.com/NKalafatakis
  #- icon: google-scholar
    #icon_pack: ai
    #link: https://scholar.google.com/citations?user=XeR8fO4AAAAJ&hl=en&oi=ao
  #- icon: github
    #icon_pack: fab
    #link: https://github.com/enrico-lattuada
# Link to a PDF of your resume/CV from the About widget.
# To enable, copy your resume/CV to `static/files/cv.pdf` and uncomment the lines below.
# - icon: cv
#   icon_pack: ai
#   link: files/cv.pdf

# Enter email to display Gravatar (if Gravatar enabled in Config)
email: ''

# Organizational groups that you belong to (for People widget)
#   Set this to `[]` or comment out if you are not using People widget.
user_groups:
  - Visitors
---

I am doing my MSc courses in Physics at the University of Vienna and worked on Myxococcus Xanthus cultures as an internship alongside my classes. I focused on motility and interesting properties of the bacteria like predation and fruiting body formation. We worked on developing ways to best image the samples to then analyse them and quantify the results.
